In terms of -- if you're wondering about pull forward, we would estimate the pull forward of demand into April, specifically to be about 1 point of the 10 points in terms of people buying because of discussions about tariffs.

Operator:Our next question is from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley.

Erik William Richard Woodring:I have two as well. Tim maybe starting with you, shortly after March quarter earnings, there were some reports about searches on Safari declining in April for the first time, I think, in over 2 decades. Judging by your 13% Services growth this quarter, it doesn't seem to indicate that April trends necessarily played out through the remainder of the June quarter. And so I'm really just looking for a little bit more color on really how the rest of the quarter played out. And if you believe Apple products as kind of search access points are losing their strategic value as AI platforms become more valuable, popular or increasing in strategic value. And then I have a follow-up.

Timothy D. Cook:I think they continue to be very valuable. I think that consumers' behaviors are evolving, and we're monitoring it very closely.

Erik William Richard Woodring:Okay. I appreciate that color. And then maybe second to that, I'd love if you could maybe elaborate a bit on what you're seeing in China. I think in an interview earlier this afternoon, you alluded to some of the promotions being tailwinds. But just bigger picture, if we take a step back in China, how would you characterize demand interest in the iPhone 16 and some of your other products? Is that shifting or maybe were some of the trends in the June quarter maybe a bit more onetime and unique in nature?

Timothy D. Cook:Yes. We did grow in Greater China by 4% during the quarter versus the previous quarter, it was driven by an acceleration by iPhone, although we also had substantial growth on the Mac year-over-year. From a -- as you know, the government has placed certain subsidies that affects some of our products, not all of them, but there are some of them. And I think that had some effect. It was the first full quarter of the subsidy playing out, that cut in during a portion of the previous quarter. The other things I would say are that the installed base hit a record high in Greater China, and we set an all-time record for the iPhone installed base.

The iPhone upgraders in Mainland China set a record for the June quarter. And according to Worldpanel, which was formerly known as Kantar, iPhone had the top 3 models in Urban China, which is extraordinary. Also, if you look at the other products, Mac, iPad and Watch, the majority of customers that are buying in China Mainland were new to the product. So lots of good things there. And the other thing I would point out, which is an interesting point, The MacBook Air was the top-selling laptop model in all of China, and the Mac mini was the top-selling desktop model in all of China. So overall, a positive -- very positive quarter.

Operator:Our next question is from Ben Reitzes with Melius Research.

Benjamin Alexander Reitzes:I really appreciate it. I wanted to ask about Siri, Tim, and just overall AI investment. There's a perception that Siri is going to help drive other new products potentially that maybe where voice is quite needed. And just wondering how's your confidence towards launching that next year? Is there anything that's been done internally to increase that confidence? Is it tied to the investment? I just think folks would love to know a little bit more about your confidence in how that's going? And then I have a follow-up.

Timothy D. Cook:Yes. Thanks for the question. We're making good progress on a more personalized Siri, and we do expect to release the features next year, as we had said earlier, our focus from an AI point of view is on putting AI features across the platform that are deeply personal, private and seamlessly integrated. And of course, we've done that with more than 20 Apple Intelligence features so far from visual intelligence to cleanup to writing tools and all the rest. We are significantly growing our investment, we did during the June quarter, we will again in the September quarter.

I'm not putting specific numbers behind that at this point, but you can probably tell from the guidance that things are moving up. We are also reallocating a fair number of people to focus on AI features within the company. That are -- we have a great team, and we're putting all of our energy behind it. In terms of other products, I don't want to really comment on specific other products. But we have an exciting road map ahead and I could not be more excited about it.

Benjamin Alexander Reitzes:That's great, Tim. Just with regard to my second question, it's about the overall revenue guide. And I appreciate that you guide the best you can see it. But I just wanted to challenge it from a different way is, why would it decelerate if Services is staying the same at 13%. What -- is there a conservatism there? I would think even currency is just as favorable, if not more favorable. So why would it decelerate to the higher single digits from where you were in the quarter? Or is it just being conservative? And if there's something decelerating or comp, do you mind just pointing that out?

Kevan Parekh:Yes, Ben, this is Kevan. Thanks for the question. I think when you look at the growth from Q3, we just reported to the mid- to high single-digit guide. I think you have to kind of keep in mind two components. The first is the effect of the tariff-related pull-ahead in demand that Tim referenced earlier, which we estimated to be about 1 point of the 10 points that we ended up doing in Q3. And then the other factor that I think you have to take into consideration is the fact that in September quarter a year ago, we had the full quarter impact of the iPad launches, which also leads to a difficult compare this year.

So those two components are things you have to take into consideration as you think about the move from Q3 to Q4. I would say foreign exchange is a very minor tailwind going from Q3 to Q4, so not really a major factor.

Operator:Our next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. .

Wamsi Mohan:Tim, I know you said similar growth in Services, and that's predicated with Google payments continuing. Is there any way for us to dimensionalize sort of -- or maybe just conceptually talk about maybe options if, if the counter were to happen, if the payments were not allowed in some way, what are some of the things that Apple could do given that it is a significant chunk of profitability? And I have a follow-up.

Timothy D. Cook:Yes, Wamsi, I don't really want to speculate on the court ruling and how they would rule and what we would do as a consequence of it.

Wamsi Mohan:Okay. Okay. I guess we'll wait for that ruling to come out. I guess, separately, Tim, at a high level, when you look at some of what is perceived fears of new form factors and ways to interact with devices. There was some worry that given some of the developments in AI that there could be a world where dependence on screen-based devices significantly diminishes. And I'm kind of curious to get your thoughts on if do you think that would happen and rate and pace in which? And how do you think Apple is preparing in that case?

Timothy D. Cook:When you think about all the things an iPhone can do from connecting people to bringing app and game experiences to life to taking photos and videos to helping users explore the world and conduct their financial lives and pay for things and so much more. It's difficult to see a world where iPhone is not living in it. And that doesn't mean that we are not thinking about other things as well. But I think that, that the devices are likely to be complementary devices, not substitution.

Operator:Our next question is from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani:I guess just to start with -- Tim, the tariff assumption of $1.1 billion in the September quarter, I kind of -- I understand the uptick you folks are talking about. But can you just talk about assuming tariffs remain at these levels or even they evolve under Section 232, how do you eventually think about offsetting this headwind to your P&L? And when do you decide to execute on the levers to offset this headwind versus just flowing into your bottom line?

Timothy D. Cook:Right now, we're just estimating the cost of it, and it's up quarter-over-quarter, because our volume is up quarter-over-quarter. And there was some build ahead in the previous quarter. And so that's the primary reason that it's up. In terms of what we do to mitigate, we obviously try to optimize our supply chain and ultimately, we're -- we will do more in the United States. We've committed $500 billion investment in the U.S. over the next 4 years. And we're already building chips in Arizona. And in fact, we're building semiconductors across 12 states in 24 factories, and have a lot of other things in the work. You probably saw the investment in MP Materials last week.

And so we continue to explore these things and look for more that we can do, which I think ultimately is the objective.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani:Got it. Super helpful. And then your Services growth, I think, was extremely impressive at 13%, especially given all the fears folks had. Can you just touch on, did you see any impact that was notable from the Epic case and the steering dynamics that came after that? And maybe just touch on what does that appeal process looks like for you as you go forward? .

Kevan Parekh:Yes, this is Kevan. Let me take that one. In general, I think just reminding, I think you just said, we had a very strong Services quarter, we had an all-time record at the $27.4 billion, up 13%. The one thing I would also say is our services performance was broad- based. So we also saw strength in developed and emerging markets, both parts of the world had double-digit growth. We also saw a sequential acceleration across the majority of our categories, including cloud services, where I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we had an all-time revenue record.

As it relates to the EPIC decision, we -- keep in mind, we only just introduced the change required by the court in the June quarter. And as you know, we don't provide the level of detail. But in general, I would say it was a very, very -- in the U.S., we had a double- digit growth for the U.S. App Store, and we set an all-time record. And so we'll continue to monitor the effects on our business, but we'll continue to innovate and ensure that the App Store delivers the best experience for users and remains a great business opportunity for developers.

Operator:Our next question is from David Vogt with UBS.

David Vogt:And I have two questions as well. Maybe Tim, just on the supply chain strategy. I know last quarter, you talked about focusing production or assembly to India. And I just want to get an update on how you're thinking about the strategy holistically, given sort of the tariff rates, I think, in India potentially are higher than I think anyone had expected. So I know you mentioned some U.S. investments, would love to kind of get your thoughts on how you're thinking about China versus the rest of Southeast Asia and India going forward? And then I'll give you my second question also.

So Kevan, I'm just trying to understand a little bit more about the demand drivers of iPhone in the quarter because obviously, the 16 has been in the market for some time. I know there was some promotional activity. But seasonally, you generally don't see this kind of strength in the June quarter. Maybe you can help us understand outside of maybe the promotional activity, what else were some of the drivers that led to what was -- looks like a pretty significant above seasonal strength in the June quarter stats?

Timothy D. Cook:Yes. In terms of the tariff situation and country of origin and so forth. One thing I would say, just to remind everyone is keep in mind that the vast majority of our products are covered under the Section 232 investigation. And so the -- today or I should say, last quarter, the bulk of the tariffs that we paid were the IEEPA tariffs that hit early in the year related to China. And so that's just a reminder of where things are and what we assumed as we calculated the projection of $1.1 billion that's in our outlook color. In terms of the country of origin, it's the same as I referenced last quarter.

There hasn't been a change to that, which is the vast majority of the iPhone sold in the U.S. or the majority, I should say, have a country of origin of India and the vast majority of the products, other products, the Mac and the iPad and the Watch have a country of origin of Vietnam that are sold in the United States. Still, the products for other international countries, the vast majority of them are coming from China. And so that hopefully gives you a flavor of the of where things are. But I would stress again that we do a lot in this country in the United States.

And we've committed $500 billion, and we're always looking to do more. And you could kind of see that in the most recent announcements, whether it's MP Materials or our manufacturing academy that we're standing up in Detroit in a couple of weeks or so. And so we're going to be doing -- we're doing more in this country, and that's on top of having roughly 19 billion chips coming out of the U.S. now, and we will do more, and of course, glass from iPhone and the Face ID module. And so there's loads of different things that are done in the United States.

Kevan Parekh:And then, David, as...

David Vogt:And then on the iPhone activity?

Kevan Parekh:Yes. So I was going to mention the iPhone activity. You asked if there's any kind of unique characteristics this quarter? I would just say, as Tim outlined, we really believe that the strong upgrade performance, which was a June quarter record was really driven by the strength of the product lineup. The iPhone 16 family has done incredibly well compared to the iPhone 15 family. And we also, as you recall, recently introduced the 16e as well, which also continued to impact the success of the overall iPhone 16 lineup.

Operator:Our next question is from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen.

Krish Sankar:I have two of them. The first one is for Kevan, this was a previous question, do you think there was any pull-in of iPhones in the June quarter that led to some of the upside? And how to think about channel inventory in June quarter? And how it looks in September relative to seasonal trends? And then I had a longer-term follow-up for Tim.

Timothy D. Cook:Let me see if I can answer the channel inventory question or what I think is the channel inventory question. If you look at iPhone channel inventory from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter, we reduced it, and it ended toward the low end of our targeted range. And so that's the answer on the inventory piece of it.

Kevan Parekh:And then I think you also asked about the pull-ahead impact. I think we referenced that earlier. Just to be clear on what we believe we saw in the June quarter, we did see some obvious signs of pull-ahead really in the April time frame around the tariff-related discussions that were out in the marketplace. And so we felt that, that was from what we saw about a 1 point impact of the 10 points at a total company level of growth. And so that was the limited impact that we believe we saw for the quarter.

Krish Sankar:Got it. Very helpful. And then I just have like a long-term follow-up for Tim. Tim, I'm kind of curious about your thoughts on AI for edge devices. There's like some people who think that LLM could be a commodity in the future. Do you think -- do you see a scenario where the LLMs become a core part of your iOS or is the SLM the way to go and how to think about evolution of edge devices in a futuristic AI world and if smartphone going to be the choice of device. Just curious your thoughts on it, broadly speaking.

Timothy D. Cook:The way that we look at AI is that it's one of the most profound technologies of our lifetime. And I think it will affect all devices in a significant way. What pieces of the chain are commoditized and not commoditized, I wouldn't want to really talk about today because that gives away some things on our strategy. But I think it's a good question.

Operator:Our next question is from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee:Tim, maybe if I can start with your remarks about the pull-ahead being about a 1 percentage point benefit here. Anything to share in terms of how -- what's underlying that estimate in terms of what you're seeing for -- is it a pull-ahead largely on iPhones? Or is it across the board? And is it primarily in the U.S. or again, sort of across multiple regions? Any color there would be helpful in terms of how you're sort of getting to that assumption there. And I have a follow-up.

Timothy D. Cook:It was principally on iPhone and Mac. And it was pretty -- it was obvious evidence of it. It was an unusual buying pattern there and that largely occurred in April towards the beginning of the quarter. And it was really -- we believe it was largely the United States.

Samik Chatterjee:Okay. Okay. Got it. And maybe on the tariff front, when you gave the estimate of $900 million last quarter, which came in at $800 million, you did highlight it was -- there were some unique factors in the quarter. When I take the $1.1 billion that you're now sort of expecting for the September quarter and as we start to think about December, would -- is there anything unique in the December quarter in terms of sourcing from regions, et cetera, that would uniquely impact December, just given sort of that you had highlighted that quarter-to-quarter, so there would be unique things. Just curious if December looks very different from September because of any unique factors.

Timothy D. Cook:I would be careful about projecting based on the numbers from Q2 and Q3 because, one, we're uncertain of what the rates will be. And so the rates may change. Two, in -- particularly in last quarter, we had some build ahead inventory that we were -- that we had within the company and within our supplier -- within our supply chain. And so those two are a little unique. Also, as you know, from following us for so long, Q1 is generally a higher volume quarter. And the tariffs are currently are pretty linear with volume.

Operator:Our next question is from Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo.

Aaron Christopher Rakers:I've got two as well, and I'll just ask them together. I guess the first one is just more housekeeping. Kevan, when we think about currency impact, how much of a benefit was currency this quarter, and I guess across the business and in particular, maybe on the Services segment, and on a year-on-year basis, how much currency benefit should we be thinking about embedded in the guidance into the September quarter? And then the second quick question is CapEx is clearly moving higher. I know you guys don't guide specifically to that number.

But just kind of qualitatively, should we -- as you lean in more on AI, should we really start to see that CapEx, which is running close to about $4 billion annualized today, really start to move appreciably higher? Any color on that would be helpful.

Kevan Parekh:Great, Aaron. Thanks for the questions. Let me answer the first one, first around foreign exchange. For Q3, we really had no impact from a foreign exchange standpoint on the year-on-year results. And so -- when we look at both the revenue growth as well as the gross margin, there was virtually no impact from foreign exchange. As we look at going from Q3 to June quarter to the September quarter, again, very, very, as I mentioned earlier, a very small tailwind going from Q3 to Q4 from a foreign exchange standpoint on both revenue as well as gross margin.

And then on the second question, sure, on the CapEx side, I think we talked about the fact that we are, and Tim mentioned the fact that we are increasing our investment significantly in AI. You are going to continue to see our CapEx grow. It's not going to be exponential growth, but it is going to grow substantially. And a lot of that's a function of the investments we're making in AI. As we mentioned, we also have other items that fall under that category, facilities and some of our retail store investments. But I would say a lot of the growth is really being driven by AI.

I would remind you that we do have a hybrid model though, where we also leverage third-party infrastructure in addition to investing in our own first-party infrastructure.

Operator:Our next question is from Atif Malik with Citi.

Atif Malik:Tim, at the WWDC earlier in the quarter, you showed impressive updates on Vision Pro with the use of widget, spatial scenes, persona and new ways to create content. Appears like Meta and Xiaomi are seeing strong momentum on their AI glasses. So is the focus still around enterprises on Vision Pro? Or are you thinking of broadening the use cases and maybe tying it to more of your devices? Any thoughts on Vision Pro as they did not get enough airtime in the prepared remarks.

Timothy D. Cook:Yes. Thanks for bringing it up. I was thrilled with the release from the team on visionOS 26. It includes many things in it like spatial widgets to enable users to customize their digital space. The personas took a huge increase. They're much more lifelike. And of course, there's new enterprise APIs for companies as well. And we're seeing, as Kevan talked about in his opening remarks, we're seeing those things resonate out with CAE and other customers. And so we continue to be very focused on it. And I don't want to get into the road map on it, but this is an area that we really believe in.

Atif Malik:Great. And Kevan, historically, you guys have not done much big M&A. Do you feel like you need to accelerate your AI road map or just keep the organic focus?

Timothy D. Cook:Let me take that one as well. We've acquired around seven companies this year. And that's companies from all walks of life, not all AI oriented. And so we're doing one, think of it as one every several weeks. We're very open to M&A that accelerates our road map. We are not stuck on a certain size company, although the ones that we have acquired thus far this year are small in nature. But we basically ask ourselves whether a company can help us accelerate a road map. If they do, then we're interested, but we don't have anything to share specifically today.

Suhasini Chandramouli:All right. Thank you, Atif. A replay of today's call will be available for 2 weeks on Apple Podcasts, as a webcast on apple.com/ investor and via telephone. The number for the telephone replay is (866) 583-1035. Please enter confirmation code 6287473 followed by the pound sign. These replays will be available by approximately 5 p.m. Pacific Time today. Members of the press with additional questions can contact Josh Rosenstock at (408) 862-1142. And financial analysts can contact me, Suhasini Chandramouli with additional questions at (408) 974-3123. Thanks again for joining us today.

Operator:Once again, this does conclude today's conference. We do appreciate your participation.