Matt Ramsay--TD Cowen -- Analyst

Yes, thank you very much. Good afternoon. Obviously, remarkable results. Jensen, I wanted to ask a question of you regarding the really quickly emerging application of -- of large model inference.

So, I think it's pretty well understood by the majority of investors that you guys have a very much a lockdown share of the training market. A lot of the smaller market -- smaller -- smaller model inference workloads have been done on ASICs or CPUs in the past. And with many of these GPT and other really large models, there's this new workload that's accelerating super-duper quickly on -- on large model inference. And I think your -- your Grace Hopper Superchip products and others are pretty well aligned for that. But could you maybe talk to us about how you're seeing the inference market segment between small model inference and large model inference and how your product portfolio is positioned for that? Thanks.

Jensen Huang--President and Chief Executive Officer

Yeah, thanks a lot. So, let's take a quick step back. These large language models are -- are fairly -- are pretty phenomenal. It -- it does several things, of course.

It has the ability to understand unstructured language. But at its core, what it has learned is the structure of human language and it has encoded or within it -- compressed within it a large amount of human knowledge that it has learned by the corpuses that it studied. What happens is you create these large language models and you create as large as you can, and then you derive from it smaller versions of the model, essentially teach-your-student models. It's a process called distillation. And -- and so, when you see these smaller -- smaller models, it's very likely the case that they were derived from or distilled from or learned from larger models, and just as you have professors and teachers and students and so on, so forth.

And you're going to see this going forward. And so, you start from a very large model and it has to build -- it has a large amount of generality and generalization and -- and what's called zero-shot capability. And so, for a lot of applications and questions or skills that you haven't trained it specifically on, these large language models, miraculously, has the capability to perform them. That's what makes it so magical. On the other hand -- on the other hand, you -- you -- you would like to have these capabilities and all kinds of computing devices.

And so, what you do is you distill them down. These smaller models might have excellent capabilities in a particular skill, but they don't generalize as well. They don't have what is called as-good zero-shot capabilities. And so, they all have their own -- own unique capabilities, but -- but you start from very large models.

Operator

OK, next, we'll go to Vivek Arya with BofA Securities. Your line is now open.

Vivek Arya--Bank of America Merrill Lynch -- Analyst

Thank you. Just had a quick clarification on a question. Colette, if you could please clarify how much incremental supply do you expect to come online in the next year? You think it's up 20, 30, 40, 50%? So, just any sense of how much supply because you said it's growing every quarter. And then, Jensen, the question for you is, when we look at the overall hyperscaler spending, that pie is not really growing that much. So, what is giving you the confidence that they can continue to carve out more of that pie for generative AI? Just give us your sense of how sustainable is this demand as we look over the next one to two years.

So, if I take your implied Q3 outlook of data center, 12 billion,13 billion, what does that say about how many servers are already AI accelerated? Where is that going? So, just give us some confidence that the growth that you are seeing is sustainable into the next one to two years.

Colette Kress--Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

So, thanks for that question regarding our supply. Yes, we -- we do expect to continue increasing, ramping our supply over the next quarter, as well as into next fiscal year. In terms of percent, that's not something that we -- we have here. It is a work across so many different suppliers, so many different parts of building, and -- and HGX many of our other new products that are coming to market. But we are very pleased with both the support that we have with our suppliers and the long time that we have spent with them improving their supply.

Jensen Huang--President and Chief Executive Officer

The world has something along the lines of about $1 trillion worth of data centers installed in the cloud and enterprise and otherwise. And that trillion dollars of data centers is in the process of transitioning into accelerated computing and generative AI. We're seeing two simultaneous platform shifts at the same time. One is accelerated computing, and the reason for that is because it's the most cost-effective, most energy-effective, and the most performant way of doing computing now. And so -- so, what you're seeing -- and then, all of a sudden enabled by generative AI -- enabled by accelerated computing, generative AI came along. And this incredible application now gives everyone two reasons to transition, to do a platform shift from general purpose computing, the classical way of doing computing, to this new way of doing computing, accelerated computing.

There's about $1 trillion worth of data centers, call it, a quarter of trillion dollars of -- of capital spend each year. You're seeing the -- the data centers around the world are taking that capital spend and focusing it on the two most important trends of -- of computing today, accelerated computing and generative AI. And so, I think this is not a -- this is not a -- a near-term thing. This is a -- a long-term industry transition, and we're seeing these two platform shifts happening at the same time.

Operator

Next, we go to Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Your line is open.

Stacy Rasgon--AllianceBernstein -- Analyst

Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering, Colette, if you could tell me like how much of data center in the quarter, maybe even the guidance, like, systems versus GPU, like DGX versus just the H100. What I'm really trying to get at is how much is like pricing or content, or however you want to define that, versus units actually driving the growth going forward. Can you give us any color around that?

Colette Kress--Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

Sure, Stacy. Let me help. Within the quarter, our HGX systems were a very significant part of our data center as well as our data center growth that we had seen. Those systems include our HGX of our Hopper architecture but also our Ampere architecture.

Yes, we are still selling -- both of these architectures are in the market. Now, when you think about that, what does that mean from both the systems as a unit, of course, is growing quite substantially, and that is driving in terms of the revenue increases. So, both of these things are the drivers of the revenue inside data center. Our DGXs are always a portion of additional systems that we will sell. Those are a great opportunity for our enterprise customers and many other different types of customers that we're seeing even in our consumer internet companies. Now, the importance there is also coming together with software that we sell with our DGXs, but that's a portion of our sales that we're doing. The rest of the GPUs, we have new GPUs coming to market that we talk about, the L40S, and they will add continued growth going forward.

But again, the largest driver of our revenue within this last quarter was definitely the HGX system.

Jensen Huang--President and Chief Executive Officer

And, Stacy, if I could just add something. The -- you -- you say it's H100, and I know you know what your -- your -- your mental image in your mind, but the H100 is 35,000 parts, 70 pounds, nearly a trillion transistors in combination; takes a robot to build -- well, many robots to build because it's 70 pounds to lift. And it takes a supercomputer to test a supercomputer. And so, these -- these things are technology marvels, and -- and the manufacturing of them is really intensive. And so -- so I think we -- you know, we call it H100 as if it's a chip that comes off of a fab, but H100s go -- go out really as HGX as they are the world's hyperscalers, and -- and they're really really quite large system components, if you will.

Operator

Next, we go to Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. Your line is now open.

Mark Lipacis--Jefferies -- Analyst

Hi, thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the -- on the success. Jensen, it seems like the -- a key part of the success -- your success in the market is delivering the software ecosystem along with the chip and the hardware platform. And I had a two-part question on this. I was wondering if you could just help us understand the evolution of your software ecosystem, the critical elements.

And is there a way to quantify your lead on this dimension, like how many person years you've invested in building it? And then, part two, I was wondering if you would care to share with us your view on what percentage of the value of the Nvidia platform is hardware differentiation versus software differentiation. Thank you.

Jensen Huang--President and Chief Executive Officer

Yeah, Mark, thanks for your question. The -- let me see if I could use some metrics. So, we have a runtime score in the AI enterprise. This is -- this is one part of our software stack.

And this is -- this is, if you will, the runtime that just about every company uses for the end-to-end of machine learning, from data processing, the training of any model that you -- that you like to do on any framework you like to do, the inference, and the deployment, the scaling it out into data center, could be a scale-out for a hyperscale data center, could be a scale-out for enterprise data center, for example, on VMware. You can do this on any of our GPUs. We have hundreds of millions of GPUs in the field and millions of GPUs in the cloud in just about every single cloud. And it runs in a single GPU configuration as well as multi-GPU per compute or multi-node. It also has multiple -- multiple sessions or multiple -- multiple computing instances per GPU.

So, from multiple instances per GPU to multiple GPUs, multiple nodes, to entire data center scale. So, this runtime called NVIDIA AI Enterprise has something like 4,500 software packages, software libraries and has something like 10,000 dependencies among each other. And that runtime is -- is, as I mentioned, continuously updated and optimized for -- for our install base for our stack. And that's just one example of what it would take to get accelerated computing to work that the number of -- of code combinations and type of application combinations is really quite insane.

And that's taken us two decades to get here. But what I would -- what I would -- what I would characterize as probably our -- are the elements of our -- of our -- of our company, if you will, are several. I would say number one is architecture. The flexibility, the versatility, and the performance of our architecture makes it possible for us to do all the things that I just said, you know, from data processing to training, to inference, for preprocessing of the data before you do the inference, to the post-processing of the data, tokenizing of -- of -- of -- of languages so that you could then train -- train with it. The amount of the workflow is much more intense than just training or inference. But anyways, that's where we'll focus, and is fine.

But -- but when people actually use these computing systems, it's quite -- requires a lot of applications. And so, the combination of our architecture makes it possible for us to deliver the lowest cost of ownership. And the reason for that is because -- because we accelerate so many different things. The second characteristic of our -- of our company is the install base. You know, you have to ask yourself why is it that all the software developers come to our platform.

And the reason for that is because software developers seek a large install base so that they can reach the largest number of end users so that they could build a business or get a return on the investments that they make. And -- and then, the third characteristic is reach. We're in the cloud today, both for public cloud -- public-facing cloud because we have so many customers that use -- so many developers and customers, they use our -- our platform. CSPs are delighted to put it up in the cloud. They use it for internal consumption, you know, to develop and train and operate recommender systems or search or data processing engines and whatnot, all the way to training and inference. And so, we're in the cloud, we're in enterprise.

Yesterday, we had a very big announcement. It's really worthwhile to -- to take a look at that. VMware is the operating system of the world's enterprise. And we've been working together for several years now and we're going to bring together -- together, we're going to bring generative AI to the world's enterprises all the way out to the edge. And so, reach is another reason.

And because of reach, all of the world's system makers are anxious to put Nvidia's platform in their systems. And so, we have a very broad distribution from all of the world's OEMs and ODMs and so on and so forth because of our reach. And then, lastly, because of our scale and velocity, we were -- we were able to sustain this -- this really complex stack of software and hardware and networking and compute and across all of these different usage models and different computing environments. And we're able to -- to do all this while accelerating the velocity of our engineering. You know, it seems like we're introducing a new architecture every two years now.

We're introducing a new architecture, a new new product just about every six months. And so, these -- these properties make it possible for the ecosystem to build their company and their business on top of us. And so, those in combination makes it special.

Operator

Next, we'll go to Atif Malik with Citi. Your line is open.

Atif Malik--Citi -- Analyst

Hi, thank you for taking my question. And great job on the results and outlook. Colette, I have a question on the cool-off list, L40S that you guys talked about. Any idea how much of the supply tightness can L40S help with? And if you can talk about the incremental profitability or gross margin contribution from this product.

Thank you.

Jensen Huang--President and Chief Executive Officer

Yeah, Atif, let me -- let me take that for -- for you. The L40 -- L40S is really designed for a different type of application. H100 is designed for large-scale language models and processing, just very large models and a great deal of data. And so, that's -- that's not L40S' focus.

L40S' focus is to be able to fine-tune models -- fine-tune pre-trained models and it'll do that incredibly well. It has a transformer engine. It's got a lot of performance. You can get multiple GPUs in a -- in a server. It's designed for -- for hyperscale scale-out, meaning it's easy to -- to -- to install L40S servers into the world's hyperscale data centers.

It comes in a standard rack, standard server. And everything about it is standard, and so it's easy to install. L40S also is, with the software stack around it and along with BlueField-3, and all the work that we did with VMware and the work that we did with Snow -- Snowflake's and -- and ServiceNow and so many other enterprise partners, L40S is designed for the world's enterprise IT systems. And that's the reason why HPE, Dell, and Lenovo, and some 20 other system makers building about 100 different configurations of enterprise servers are going to work with us to take generative AI to the world's enterprise. And so, L40S is really designed for -- for a different -- different type of scale-out, if you will. It's, of course, large language models.

It's, of course, generative AI, but it's a different use case. And the L40S is going to -- is off to a great start, and, you know, the world's enterprise and hyperscalers are really clamoring to get -- get L40S deployed.

Operator

OK, next, we'll go to Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.

Joe Moore--Morgan Stanley -- Analyst

Great. Thank you. I guess the thing about these numbers that's so remarkable to me is the amount of demand that remains unfulfilled. Talking to some of your customers, you know, as good as these numbers are, you sort of more than tripled your revenue in a couple of quarters.

There's -- there's a demand, in some cases, for -- for multiples of what people are getting. So, can you talk about that, how much-unfulfilled demand do you think there is? And you talked about visibility extending into next year. Do you have a line of sight into when you'll get to see supply demand equilibrium here?

Jensen Huang--President and Chief Executive Officer

Yeah, we have excellent visibility through the year and into next year. And we're already planning the next-generation infrastructure with the leading CSPs and data center builders. The demand -- the easiest way to think about the demand is the world is transitioning from general-purpose computing to accelerated computing. That's the easiest way to think about the demand.

The best way for companies to increase their throughput, improve their energy efficiency, improve their cost efficiency, is to divert their capital budget to accelerated computing and generative AI. Because by doing that, you're going to offload so much workload off of the CPUs that the available CPUs is -- in your data center will get boosted. And -- and so, what you're seeing companies do now is recognizing this -- this, the tipping point here, recognizing the beginning of this transition, and diverting their capital investment to accelerated computing and generative AI. And so -- so, that's -- that's probably the easiest way to think about the opportunity ahead of us. This isn't a -- a singular application that -- that is driving the demand, but this is a new computing platform, if you will, a new computing transition that's happening, and data centers all over the world are responding to this and shifting, you know, in a broad-based way.

Operator

OK, next, we go to Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.

Toshi Hari--Goldman Sachs -- Analyst

Hi, thank you for taking the question. I had one quick clarification question for Colette and then another one for Jensen. Colette, I think, last quarter, you had said CSPs were about 40% of your data center revenue; consumer internet, 30%; enterprise, 30%. Based on your remarks, it sounded like CSPs and consumer internet may have been a larger percentage of your business. If you can kind of clarify that or confirm that, that would be super helpful.

And then, Jensen, a question for you. You know, given your position as the key enabler of AI, the breadth of engagements and the visibility you have into customer projects, I'm curious how confident you are that there will be enough applications or use cases for your customers to generate a reasonable return on their investments. I guess I asked the question because there is a concern out there that, you know, there could be a bit of a pause in your -- in your demand profile in the outyears. Curious, you know, if there's enough breadth and depth there to -- to support a sustained increase in your data center business going forward. Thank you.

Colette Kress--Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

So, thank you on the question regarding our types of customers that we have in our data center business, and we look at it in terms of combining our compute as well as our networking together. Our CSPs -- our large CSPs are contributing a little bit more than 50% of our revenue within Q2, and the next largest category will be our consumer internet companies. And then, the last piece of it will be our enterprise and high-performance computing.

Jensen Huang--President and Chief Executive Officer

Toshi, I'm reluctant to -- to guess about the future, and so I'll answer the question from the first principle of computer science perspective. It is -- it is recognized, for some time now, that general-purpose computing is just not in-brute forcing general-purpose computing. Using general-purpose computing at scale is no longer the best way to go forward. It's too costly, it's too expensive, and the performance of the applications are too slow, right? And finally, the world has a new way of doing it. It's called accelerated computing.

And what kicked it into turbocharge is generative AI. But accelerated computing could be used for all kinds of different applications that's already in the data center. And by using it, you offload the CPUs, you save a ton of money, an order of magnitude in cost and order of magnitude in energy, and the throughput is higher. And -- and that's what -- that's what the industry is really responding to.

Going forward, the best way to invest in a data center is to divert the capital investment from general-purpose computing and focus it on generative AI and accelerated computing. Generative AI provides a new way of generating productivity, a new way of generating new services to offer to your customers, and accelerated computing helps you save money and save power. And -- and the number of applications is -- is, well, you know, tons, lots of developers, lots of applications, lots of libraries. It's ready to be deployed. And so, I think -- I think the data centers around the world recognize that this is the -- the best way to deploy resources, deploy capital going forward for data centers. This is true for the world's clouds, and -- and -- and you're seeing a whole crop of -- of new GPUs -- specialty GPU-specialized cloud service providers. One of the famous ones is CoreWeave, and they're doing incredibly well.

But you're seeing the regional GPU specialists -- service providers all over the world now, and -- and -- and because they all recognize the same thing, that the best way to invest your capital going forward is to put it into accelerated computing and generative AI. We're also seeing that -- that enterprises want to do that. But in order for enterprises to do it, you have to support the management system, the operating system, the security, and software -- software-defined data center approach of enterprises, and that's called VMware. And we've been working several years with VMware to make it possible for VMware to support, not just the virtualization of CPUs, but the virtualization of GPUs as well as the distributed computing capabilities of GPUs, supporting NVIDIA's BlueField for high-performance networking. And all of the generative AI libraries that we've been working on is now going to be offered as a special SKU by VMware's sales force, which is, as we all know, quite large because they reach some several hundred thousand VMware customers around the world. And this new SKU is going to be called VMware Private AI Foundation.

And -- and this will be a new SKU that makes it possible for enterprises. And in combination with HPE, Dell, and Lenovo's new server offerings based on L40S, any -- any enterprise could have a state-of-the-art AI data center and be able to engage generative AI. And so, I think the -- the -- the answer to -- to that question, it's hard to predict exactly what's going to happen quarter to quarter. But I think the trend is very very clear now that we're seeing a platform shift.

Operator

Next, we'll go to Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is now open.

Tim Arcuri--UBS -- Analyst

Thanks a lot. Can you talk about the attach rate of your networking solutions to your -- to -- to the compute that you're shipping? In other words, is -- is like half of your compute shipping with your networking solutions, you know, more than half, less than half, and is this something that maybe you can use to prioritize allocation of the -- of -- of the GPUs? Thank you.

Jensen Huang--President and Chief Executive Officer

Well, working backwards, we don't use that to prioritize the allocation of our GPUs. We let customers decide what networking they would like to use. And for the customers that are building very large infrastructure, InfiniBand is, you know, I hate to say it, kind of a no-brainer. And the reason for that, because -- because the efficiency of InfiniBand is so significant.

You know, some 10, 15, 20% higher throughput for $1 billion infrastructure translates to enormous savings. Basically, the networking is free. And so, if you have a -- a single application, if you will, infrastructure or it's largely dedicated to large language models or large AI systems, InfiniBand is really -- really a terrific choice. However, if you're -- if you're hosting for a lot of different users and -- and Ethernet is really important to the way you manage your data center, we have -- we have an excellent solution there that we just recently announced and it's called Spectrum X, where we're going to bring the capabilities, if you will, not all of it, but -- but some of it of the capabilities of InfiniBand, to Ethernet so that we can -- we can also, within the -- the environment of Ethernet, allow you to -- enable you to get excellent generative AI capabilities. So, Spectrum X is -- is just ramping now. It requires BlueField-3 and supports both our Spectrum-2 and Spectrum-3 Ethernet switches.

And the additional performance is really spectacular. And, you know, BlueField-3 makes it possible and a whole bunch of software that goes along with it. BlueField -- BlueField, as all of you know, is -- is a project really dear to my heart. And it's -- it's off to just a tremendous start. I think it's a home run.

This is the -- the concept of -- of in-network computing, and putting a lot of software in the computing fabric is being realized with -- with BlueField-3. And it is going to be a home run.

Operator

Our final question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes with Melius. Your line is now open.

Ben Reitzes--Melius Research -- Analyst

Hi. Good afternoon, good evening. Thank you for the question and putting me in here. My question is with regard to DGX Cloud.

Can you talk about the reception that you're seeing and, you know, how the momentum is going? And then, Colette, can you also talk about your software business? What is the run rate right now and the materiality of that business? And it does seem like it's already helping margins a bit. Thank you very much.

Jensen Huang--President and Chief Executive Officer

DGX Cloud's strategy, let me start there. DGX Cloud's strategy is to -- to achieve several things: number one, to enable a really close partnership between us and the world's CSPs. We -- we recognize that -- that many of our -- we work with some 30,000 companies around the world, 15,000 of them are start-ups, thousands of them are generative AI companies. And the fastest-growing segment, of course, is generative AI. We're working with all of -- all of the world's AI start-ups. And -- and -- and ultimately, they would like to be able to land in one of the world's leading clouds.

And -- and so, we -- we built DGX Cloud as a footprint inside the world's leading clouds so that we could simultaneously work with all of our AI partners and help land them in -- easily in one of our cloud partners. The second benefit is that it allows our CSPs and ourselves to work really closely together to improve the performance of hyperscale clouds, which is historically designed for multi-tenancy and not designed for high-performance distributed computing like generative AI. And so, to be able to work closely architecturally to -- to have our engineers work hand in hand to improve the networking performance and the computing performance has been really powerful, really terrific. And then, thirdly, of course, Nvidia uses very large infrastructures ourselves, and -- and our self-driving car team, our Nvidia research team, our generative AI team, our language model team. You know, the amount of infrastructure that we need is quite -- quite significant. And none of our -- none of our optimizing compilers are possible without our DGX systems. Even compilers these days require AI, and optimizing software and infrastructure software requires AI to -- to even develop.

It's been well publicized that our engineering uses AI to design our chips. And so -- so, the internal -- our own consumption of AI, robotics team, so and so forth; Omniverse team, so on and so forth, all needs AI, and so -- all right? So, our -- our internal consumption is quite large as well, and we land that in DGX Cloud. And so, DFX Cloud has multiple -- multiple use cases, multiple drivers, and it's been off to an -- just an enormous success. Our -- our -- our CSPs love it.

The developers love it. And our own internal engineers are clamoring to have more of it. And it's a great way for us to engage and work closely with all of the AI ecosystem around the world.

Colette Kress--Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

And let's see if I can answer your question regarding our software revenue and part of our opening remarks that we made as well. Remember, software is a part of almost all of our products, whether they are data center products, GPUs, systems, or any of our products within gaming and our future automotive products. You're correct, we're also selling it in a stand-alone business. And that stand-alone software continues to grow, where we are providing both the software, services, upgrades across there as well. Now, we're seeing, at this point, probably hundreds of millions of dollars annually for our software business.

And we are looking at NVIDIA AI Enterprise to be included with many of the products that we're selling, such as our DGX, such as our PCIe versions of our H100. And I think we're going to see more availability even with our CSP marketplaces. So, we're off to a great start, and I do believe we'll see this continue to grow going forward.

Operator

And that does include today's question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call back over to Jensen Huang for any additional or closing remarks.

Jensen Huang--President and Chief Executive Officer

A new computing era has begun. The industry is simultaneously going through two platform transitions: accelerated computing and generative AI. Data centers are making a platform shift from general-purpose to accelerated computing. The trillion dollars of global data centers will transition to accelerated computing to achieve an order of magnitude better performance, energy efficiency, and cost. Accelerated computing enabled generative AI, which is now driving a platform shift in software and enabling new, never-before-possible applications.

Together, accelerated computing and generative AI are driving a broad-based computer industry platform shift. Our demand is tremendous. We are significantly expanding our production capacity. Supply will substantially increase for the rest of this year and next year. Nobody has been preparing for this for over two decades and has created a new computing platform that the world's industry -- world's industries can build upon.

What makes them so special are, one, architecture. Nvidia accelerates everything from data processing, training inference every AI model, real-time speech-to-computer vision, and giant recommenders to vector databases. The performance and versatility of our architecture translates to the lowest data center TCO, and best energy efficiency. Two, install base.

Nvidia has hundreds of millions of CUDA-compatible GPUs worldwide. Developers need a large install base to reach end users and grow their business. Nvidia is the developer's preferred platform. More developers create more applications that make Nvidia more valuable for customers. Three, reach.

Nvidia's in cloud's enterprise data centers, industrial edge, PCs, workstations, instruments, and robotics. Each has fundamentally unique computing models and ecosystems. System suppliers like OEMs -- computer OEMs can confidently invest in Nvidia because we offer significant market demand and reach. Scale and velocity. Nvidia has achieved significant -- significant scale and is 100% invested in accelerated computing and generative AI.

Our ecosystem partners can trust that we have the expertise, focus, and scale to deliver a strong roadmap and reach to help them grow. We are accelerating because of the additive results of these capabilities. We're upgrading and adding new products about every six months versus every two years to address the expanding universe of generative AI. While we increase the output of H100 for training and inference of large language models, we're ramping up our new L40S universal GPU for scale -- for cloud scale-out and enterprise servers. Spectrum X, which consists of our Ethernet switch, BlueField-3, supernet, and software helps customers who want the best possible AI performance on Ethernet infrastructures. Customers are already working on next-generation, accelerated computing and generative AI with our Grace Hopper.

We're extending NVIDIA AI to the world's enterprises that demand generative AI but with the model privacy, security, and sovereignty. Together with the world's leading enterprise IT companies, Accenture, Adobe, Getty, Hugging Face, Snowflake, ServiceNow, VMware, and WPP; and our enterprise system partners, Dell, HPE, and Lenovo, we are bringing generative AI to the world's enterprise. We're building NVIDIA Omniverse to digitalize and enable the world's multi-trillion-dollar heavy industries to use generative AI to automate how they build and operate physical assets and achieve greater productivity. Generative AI starts in the cloud, but the most significant opportunities are in the world's largest industries where companies can realize trillions of dollars of productivity gains. It is an exciting time for Nvidia, our customers, partners, and the entire ecosystem to drive this generational shift in computing. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.